add hybrid browser and disruptor test (#4)
grafana/quickpizza: README.md

![Screenshot from 2023-03-18 15-29-05](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8228060/226112255-fe2d4cdc-193e-4c23-8a36-3d8f60baaf03.png)

This project contains an awesome application called `QuickPizza` and also demonstrates how to use the different features of k6. 

You'll find sample tests about:

- Basic HTTP load test
- Stages and lifecycles in k6
- Scenarios in k6
- Browser testing via k6 browser
- Hybrid performance test (HTTP + xk6-disruptor, browser + xk6-disruptor)
- and many more!

This can be used for demonstrations or workshops.

## Requirements

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

> - [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/)

Reviewer: Can we note here that the Kubernetes setup is only required if you want to test the disruptor? :eyes: 

All other k6 scripts will work with plain Docker.

Author: Resolve in https://github.com/grafana/quickpizza/pull/4/commits/1fc71ef5f8e0ce58240c7ec146253e28dc55c078

Reviewer: Sweet!

![Screenshot from 2023-03-18 15-29-05](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8228060/226112255-fe2d4cdc-193e-4c23-8a36-3d8f60baaf03.png)

## What is QuickPizza? 🍕🍕🍕

`QuickPizza` is a web application, used for demonstrations and workshops, that generates new and exciting pizza combinations! 

The app is built using [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/) for the frontend and [Go](https://go.dev/) for the backend.

> It also demonstrates the basic and advanced functionalities of k6, ranging from a basic load test to using different modules and extensions.

Reviewer: NIT: The app doesn't demonstrate the functionalities of k6. The tests do, and we use the app to exemplify. 

I would rephrase this, but not sure how.

## Requirements

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Grafana k6](https://k6.io/docs/get-started/installation/) (v.0.43.1 or higher)

If you are running the xk6-disruptor test, Kubernetes needs to be setup and `minikube` to be downloaded. 

- [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/)

## Run locally with Docker

To run the app locally with Docker, run the command:

```bash
docker run -it -p 3333:3333  ghcr.io/grafana/quickpizza-local:latest
```

That's it!

Now you can go to [localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333) and get some pizza recommendations!

## Using k6 to test it

All tests live in the `k6` folder. Within this folder, you will find the following folders:

> - [foundation](k6/foundations/) - covers the basic functionalities of k6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [foundations](k6/foundations/) - covers the basic functionalities of k6.
```

- [browser](k6/browser/) - covers a more deep-dive look on how to use the k6 browser module for browser and web performance testing.
- [disruptor](k6/disruptor/) - covers a more deep-dive look on how to use xk6-disruptor for failure injection testing.

> - [hybrid](k6/advanced) - covers tests that are more advanced such as hybrid tests, tracing, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [advanced](k6/advanced) - covers tests that are more advanced such as hybrid tests, tracing, etc.
```

![Screenshot from 2023-03-18 15-29-05](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8228060/226112255-fe2d4cdc-193e-4c23-8a36-3d8f60baaf03.png)

> This project contains an awesome application called `QuickPizza` and also demonstrates how to use the different features of k6. 

Reviewer: In the hackathon project, I used QuickPizza; I listed a few technical details of the app:

![Screenshot from 2023-06-22 13-41-34](https://github.com/grafana/quickpizza/assets/8228060/bb0b4ee9-4f1d-4989-a8e4-0fc176bac321)

It would be lovely if we could provide some of that info!

Author: I've added a few details! Please look at https://github.com/grafana/quickpizza/pull/4/commits/8dc9eb68e0fdb3d1f6424de3ccd08f25113baa18#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R5-R9

> You'll find sample tests about:

Reviewer: Thoughts on being a bit less concrete in here? Like, saying that it covers k6's foundations, with a few words inside the parenthesis, and also X, Y, Z. With the current list, I feel bad about not including all the things that are doable :smile:

Author: Have changed this to be more general: `It also demonstrates the basic and advanced functionalities of k6, ranging from a basic load test to using different modules and extensions.`

             --web.enable-remote-write-receiver
```

## Deploy application to Kubernetes

> When working with the xk6-disruptor test, you need to deploy the pizza application to Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a test that uses xk6-disruptor, you need to deploy QuickPizza to Kubernetes.
```

> To start, make sure you stop the Docker container first for `QuickPizza`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already running the app with Docker, make sure you stop the `QuickPizza` container first.
```
